Kamuro
Hello, each one of us here,
Animal!
K acrylic
yadohom homicide от
we're going to
a
No, no, no.
No?
No, it's a long movie.
You're a young man.
I see.
Everyone, the country of the sun is called the country of the night.
Then who is the man who protects the country with the gun?
I know that.
And you, General Nogi, Togo Gensui, and this movie.
And then, Hiptler.
Who is the woman who gave birth?
Mother.
Look at that.
I see.
If you want to have a child, you have to be a woman.
It's a great job to be a man who works for the wounded.
I don't understand.
Say that again.
What?
You're a man who is really a man.
I'm sorry.
What's with the way you talk?
When you come to the country of the night,
you shouldn't be a man who protects the country.
I don't understand.
You're a man who is really a man.
The court says that you're a man who is really a man.
I'm not a man.
I don't care.
I want to tell you that you should not forget that you're a man.
What is the value of the 10 cents?
It's the way to a good job.
I see.
I work hard for you.
If you say that it's hard,
I'll give you 10 cents as a reward.
I see.
10 cents is the value of hard work.
If you say that twice, I'll give you 20 cents.
If you say that three times, I'll give you 30 cents.
If you say that five times, I'll give you 50 cents.
That's interesting.
If you say that 15 times, I'll give you 1.50 cents.
If you say that twice, I'll give you 2.99 cents.
If you say that twice, I'll give you 1.60 cents.
If you say that twice, I'll give you 2.89 cents.
If you say that twice...
What?
Everyone, it's best to be by each other's side at a time like this.
No wonder no one can laugh.
You're right.
If you say that twice,
I'll give you 2.89 cents.
My head is getting cold.
Ms. Kaidu, I'll give you 10 cents.
Thank you for watching!